dbt State metadata_warehouse and prefetch updates (#9857)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/dbt-state-about.md

- **Reuse node from different schema (clone)** — dbt State looks across all environments and jobs for a matching object with identical logic and fresh data. This includes schemas where a model was built before it ever ran in production. When multiple candidates exist, dbt State clones from the one with the freshest data, regardless of which environment it came from. For example, if a CI schema has fresher data than production and identical logic, dbt State clones from there. The node is marked as **Reused** at a fraction of the compute cost.
- **Normal build** — If reuse is not possible, dbt builds the node as normal, automatically deferring any unselected upstream nodes.

> dbt State fetches dependency metadata in the background at the start of each run. Any node ready to skip, clone, or execute proceeds immediately; nodes with an undetermined action wait for the fetch to complete.

Reviewer: what does dependency data mean here? wonder if we should be more explicit, eg

At the start of each run, dbt State fetches the info it needs to determine whether nodes can be skipped, cloned, or built. This happens in the background, so nodes with a known action can proceed immediately. Nodes that require this information wait until it has been fetched.

Author: Thanks for flagging this, @mirnawong1 ! How about: 

```suggestion
dbt State fetches table metadata (for example, last-modified timestamps) in the background at the start of each run. Any node ready to skip, clone, or execute proceeds immediately; nodes with an undetermined action wait for the fetch to complete.
```
